1)      Ctrl + Shift + T for finding a class even from a JAR file

2)      Ctrl + Shift + R for finding any resource (file) including config xml files

3)      Ctrl + 1 for quick fix

4)      Ctrl + Shift + o for organize imports

-- Another Eclipse keyboard shortcut for fixing missing imports. Particularly helpful if you copy some code from  other file and what to import all dependencies.

5)		Ctrl + / for commenting, uncommenting lines and blocks, see here for live example.

6)		Ctrl + Shift + / for commenting, uncommenting lines with block comment, see here for example.

7)		Ctrl + o for quick outline going quickly to a method

8)		Selecting class and pressing F4 to see its Type hierarchy

9)		Alt + right and Alt + left for going back and forth while editing.

10)		Ctrl + F4 or Ctrl + w for closing current file

11) 	Ctrl+Shirt+W for closing all files

12) 	Alt + Shift + W  to show a class in package explorer

13) 	Ctrl + Shift + Up and down for navigating from member to member (variables and methods)

14) 	Ctrl + l go to line

15) 	Ctrl + k and Ctrl + Shift +K for find next/previous

16) 	Select text and press Ctrl + Shift + F for formatting.

17) 	Ctrl + F for find, find/replace

18) 	Ctrl + D to delete a line

19) 	Ctrl + Q for going to last edited place

20) 	Ctrl + T for toggling between supertype and subtype

21) 	Go to other open editors: Ctrl + E.

22) 	Move to one problem (i.e.: error, warning) to the next (or previous) in a file: Ctrl +. For next, and Ctrl +, for the previous problem

23) 	Hop back and forth through the files you have visited: Alt + ← and Alt + →, respectively.

25) 	CTRL+Shift+G, which searches the workspace for references to the selected method or variable

26) 	Ctrl+Shift+L to view the listing for all Eclipse keyboard shortcuts.

27) 	Alt + Shift + j to add Javadoc at any place in Java source file.

28) 	CTRL+SHIFT+P to find closing brace. Place the cursor at the opening brace and use this.

29) 	Alt+Shift+X, Q to run Ant build file using keyboard shortcuts in Eclipse.

30) 	Ctrl + Shift +F for Autoformatting.

